My malware gave me full access and control over your computer
Your computer was infected with my malware
I collected all your private data and I RECORDED YOU
After that I removed my malware to not leave any traces.
I can send the video to all your contacts
I have another surprise for you, our sex video.
I even saved all your passwords
I did all of this when you were in the bathroom
We had sex quite a while back, and I recorded a video of it
So here is the non-negotiable deal. You send me
Baby, the address is case-sensitive, so it is better to copy and paste it.
I will leave our sex DVD to your neighbors (I know where you reside), 
For the apparent reason, I can not tell you my name, but yes, I can tell you one thing that, it was a long, long time back baby.
I got access to all your accounts (see password above) and I can see everything on your screen,
I am a representative of the ChaosCC hacker group
by hacking one of the domain.com mail servers.
Sumptuously! But my program fixes this every time. And every time I know your new password!
We are also aware of your intimate adventures on the Internet.
We know that you adore adult sites and we know about your sexual addictions.
At the moment, several analogy video records have been collected.
all your contacts on this email box and in your instant messengers will receive these clips and files with your correspondence.
If you do not want this, transfer
As soon as the money is in our account - your data will be immediately destroyed
We believe that this whole story will teach you how to use gadgets properly
Everyone loves adult sites, you're just out of luck
For the future - just cover a sticker your device
turn on your camera or microphone and you won
and a copy for your wonderful family as well.
Send our sex video to all of your contacts
I can publish all I found on your computer everywhere
As I got access to this email account, I will know if this email has already been read.
If you get this email multiple times, it's to make sure you read it, my mailer script has been configured like that and after payment you can ignore it.
After receiving the payment, I will remove everything and you can life your live in peace like before.
Drive-by exploit
enough to just visit some website where my iframe is placed to get automatically infected
4BrL51JCc9NGQ71kWhnYoDRffsDZy7m1HUU7MRU4nUMXAHNFBEJhkTZV9HdaL4gfuNBxLPc3BeMkLGaPbF5vWtANQubDtNq5uuC622w4we
I uрlоаded thе maliciоus рrоgram оn your systеm
соmрrоmising еvidеnсе
videоtаре with yоur masturbatiоn
BTC(cryptоcurrеncy)
You havе 24 hours after rеаding
I installed a Trojan on your device
I usually lock computers and ask for a ransom
from your camera of yours device
Do not try to contact me
since I sent you an email from your account
I give you 2 days (48 hours) to make a payment
you do not obstruct, your device will be blocked
Do not enter your passwords on unsafe sites
web page with porno
send dirt to all your contact
You can visit the police office but
nobody can not track my location
If you need 48 hours just Open the calculator
bitcoin. This is address for payment
I will erase the compromising video records
send dirt to all your contacts
Your life can be ruined
BTC Address:
you’ve got a good taste haha
obtained all of your contacts
you visited this site to have fun
My virus grabbеd аll your pеrsonal info
nobody can not track my location even for 9 months
BTC address
uрlоаded thе maliciоus рrоgram оn your systеm
videоtаре with yоur masturbatiоn
adjustеd virus оn а роrn web sitе
Whеn I gеt trаnsfеr I will destroy the videotaрe еvеrmorе
I will sеnd thе taрe tо all your
рrоvide you my Btс numbеr
This is addrеss fоr рaymеnt:
EURO in bitсoin
You can visit the рolicе stаtion but nоbоdy сan hеlp you
can nоt trаck my locаtion еvеn
Your lifе саn bе ruined
My virus captured all your personal data
expect payment from you for my silence
member of an international hacker group
Now I have access to all your accounts
We are aware of your little and big secrets
Your tastes are so weird
Transfer $800 to our Bitcoin wallet
Your data will be erased once the money are transferred
We hope this case will teach you to keep secrets
I am a spyware software developer.
Your account has been hacked by me in the summer of 2018.
I know what you like hard funs
Oh, yes .. I'm know your secret life, which you are hiding from everyone.
Oh my God, what are your like... I saw THIS ... Oh, you dirty naughty person
invoices you paid with the last wire
 will erase the compromising video records
I'll send dirt to all your contacts
Your life can be ruined
nobody can not track my location even for 9 months
My virus captured all your personal data
I am a spyware software developer.
Your account has been hacked by me in the summer of 2018.
I know what you like hard funs
Oh, yes .. I'm know your secret life, which you are hiding from everyone.
Oh my God, what are your like... I saw THIS ... Oh, you dirty naughty person
